Release 28 notes (#67)
beaker-project/beaker: documentation/whats-new/release-28.rst

What's New in Beaker 28?
========================

Beaker 28 uses Restraint as the default test harness for all OS releases,
iPXE support, enhanced installation failure detection and some other
features.

Restraint as the default harness for all distributions
------------------------------------------------------

`Restraint <https://restraint.readthedocs.io/>`_ is now the default test
harness, for all recipes. This means RHEL 5+, all currently supported
Fedora releases and Fedora Rawhide.

Support for Beah remains. You can select it by using
``harness=beah`` in the kickstart metadata of your recipes. However,
now it is necessary to add ``install_task_requires`` to kickstart
metadata if you would like to populate the ``packages`` section.

(Contributed by `Martin Styk <https://github.com/StykMartin>`_ -
`GitHub PR #46 <https://github.com/beaker-project/beaker/pull/46>`_)

Support <kickstart/> without a template
---------------------------------------

By default ``<kickstart />`` XML tag is used to add extra kickstart

> command to predefined template. We noticed that it may not suite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command to predefined template. We noticed that it may not suit
```

> all users, therefore, we adding a support to define your own kickstart

Reviewer 2: s/adding a/added/

> all users, therefore, we adding a support to define your own kickstart

Reviewer 2: s/users,/users;/

> all users, therefore, we adding a support to define your own kickstart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all users, therefore, we added support to define your own kickstart
```
